Okay, look at the camera. This is exactly where you can make your moderation to ;)
Well, do you know how high our balloon flies?
Up to 20 miles!
This is 3 times higher than the flight altitude of an airliner.
What I ask myself: Are we allowed to do that?!
Yes, you are. But you have to get a permission by the air traffic control.
You give them some important data and then it works. But how exactly?
You can simply write an email with information like: Where do I start the balloon? When? Total weight of the construction? And similar stuff. That's it!
But how much is it?
Another important idea: The capsule can damage things when falling down. It could land on a roof or on a highway. We always thought: Is there any special insurance?
But we found out: No. Usually it should be covered by the general liability insurance. (Germany). But better ask your insurance and ask for clarification.
And without extra charge.
Oh yes, of course! No extra charge!
We hope you liked the Tutorial and that it will help you with your project. We are always happy about a 'like', or visit us on facebook for more information and other exciting experiments.
If you have further questions feel free to write a comment. We try to answer them asap.